Migrate apps troubleshooting to new guides (#1721)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/troubleshooting/development/i-cant-install-an-app-with-a-major-other-than-0x.md

---
title: "I can't install an app with a major other than 0.x"
slug: "i-cant-install-an-app-with-a-major-other-than-0x"
excerpt: "The app major conflicts with the installed Edition App."
hidden: false
createdAt: "2025-01-30T14:25:00.00Z"
updatedAt: "2025-01-30T14:25:00.00Z"
tags:
    - apps
---

**Keywords:** Installation | Apps | Edition App

If you are unable to install an app with a major [version](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-releasing-a-new-app-version#understanding-app-versioning) other than `0.x`, follow the instructions below.

![major](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/development-0.png)

## Solution

> Run `vtex ls` to check which apps are included on the [Edition App](https://vtex.io/docs/concepts/edition-app/) installed on your account. If you see the app you are trying to install with another major, you might have an issue with the Edition App installed on your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `vtex ls` to check which apps are included on the [Edition App](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-edition-app) installed on your account. If you see the app you are trying to install with another major, you might have an issue with the Edition App installed on your account.
```
